[DOCS] Adds data frame analytics limitations (#447)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/df-analytics/dfanalytics-limitations.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[[ml-dfa-limitations]]
== {dfanalytics-cap} limitations
[subs="attributes"]
++++
<titleabbrev>Limitations</titleabbrev>
++++

experimental[]

The following limitations and known problems apply to the 7.3 release of 
the Elastic {dfanalytics} feature:

[float]
[[dfa-ccs-limitations]]
=== {ccs-cap} limitation

{ccs-cap} is not supported in 7.3 for {dfanalytics}.

[float]
[[dfa-deletion-limitations]]
=== Deleting a {dfanalytics-job} does not delete the {dataframe} destination index

> When deleting a {dfanalytics-job} using 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {ref}/delete-dfanalytics.html[delete {dfanalytics-job} API] does not delete the
```

> `DELETE _ml/data_frame/analytics/<data_frame_analytics_id>` the {dataframe} 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the {dataframe} 
```

> destination index won't be deleted. This object must be deleted separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
destination index. This object must be deleted separately.
```

[float]
[[dfa-update-limitations]]
=== Cannot update a {dfanalytics-job}

> {dfanalytics-cap} configurations cannot be updated. Please delete and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot update {dfanalytics-cap} configurations. Instead, delete and
```

> {dfanalytics-cap} configurations cannot be updated. Please delete and 

Reviewer: Is there a reason why you must delete it or is that optional (as long as your new job has a new name)?

Author: AFAIK, it is optional, you don't need to delete it if you are okay with another name for the job.

Reviewer 2: The only reason to delete is if for some reason you really want the job to have that specific `id`. Otherwise you can simply create a new job and the fate of the old one is independent :-)

> then create a new {dfanalytics-job} instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
create a new one.
```

[role="xpack"]
[[ml-dfa-limitations]]
== {dfanalytics-cap} limitations

experimental[]

The following limitations and known problems apply to the 7.3 release of 
the Elastic {dfanalytics} feature:

[float]
[[dfa-ccs-limitations]]
=== {ccs-cap} limitation

{ccs-cap} is not supported in 7.3 for {dfanalytics}.

[float]
[[dfa-deletion-limitations]]
=== Deleting a {dfanalytics-job} does not delete the {dataframe} destination index

When deleting a {dfanalytics-job} using 
`DELETE _ml/data_frame/analytics/<data_frame_analytics_id>` the {dataframe} 
destination index won't be deleted. This object must be deleted separately.

[float]
[[dfa-update-limitations]]
=== Cannot update a {dfanalytics-job}

{dfanalytics-cap} configurations cannot be updated. Please delete and 
then create a new {dfanalytics-job} instead.

[float]
[[dfa-datatype-limitations]]
=== {dfanalytics-cap} data type limitation

{dfanalytics-cap} only support numeric fields and don't support fields that 

> contain arrays. The analysis will skip every document that has such fields.

Reviewer 2: It would be good to clarify here: The analysis will skip every document that has missing values of unsupported values for one or more analyzed fields.

Reviewer 2: Also there is overlap between this section and the last two. I wonder if the last two are enough to communicate what this one is trying to.

Author: @dimitris-athanasiou I deleted this section and merged its content into the "Field limitations in data frame analytics" subsection together with the categorial field limitations. I left the limitation of the missing values unchanged.

{ref}/ml-settings.html[{ml-cap} settings in {es}].

[float]
[[dfa-field-limitations]]
=== Field limitations in {dfanalytics}

Currently, categorical fields are not considered as feature fields for 

> {oldetection}, so they cannot be used during the analysis. {dfanalytics-cap} 

Reviewer 2: May I recommend rephrasing this as follows:

```
Currently, {oldetection} only supports numeric features. Non-numeric fields will be excluded from the analysis by default. If such a field is explicitly included in the analysis, starting the analytics should result in failure. Arrays are not supported either. Documents that contain analyzed fields with unsupported values will be skipped entirely.
```
